we're going alright hello everybody out
there in internet land and welcome to
the monday weekly meeting of the ipfs
docs and developer user experience my
name is Jessica and I am your official
unofficial host so I may turn the video
off don't be stirred it's for your own
good so the purpose of this meeting is
to more or less walk through our
progress in ours for the year sorry as
the purpose of the meeting is a walk
through ok ours and our progress against
them as such that is how the notes for
this document are set out the link is in
the chat but I shall also share my
screen if I can find it and we can
follow along in the document together
all right I so first of all please add
your names which you have that's awesome
alright and the most important thing
about this meeting is welcome are you
John or Johnny what do you prefer
um I generally go of Johnny because it
makes me feel younger
ok all right all right that's awesome we
are so so so glad to have you here you
have joined us pretty much precisely one
month into our quarter so um we will be
trying to keep you as up to up to date
as our progress so far well we continue
our our plans and our noble goals for
next year another one I'm item this week
I am proposing that we actually cancel
this meeting next week because for one
thing it is an American holiday that
some of us take off and also Chris I
believe you are in transit in Costa Rica
as well or somewhere you're in transit
somewhere is that correct
you're in transit right Chris I my
transit web starts a little bit later
but I do have another conflict that is
required yeah I will
here all right yeah and and this is sort
of one of these like halfway American
holidays so some of us they get off and
some of us don't I always suggest that
we actually not have Mondays meaning if
that is okay with everybody that said if
you want to have an ad-hoc chat let's
just hit each other up on sac or via
some other me apologize in advance to
anybody out there in the internet who
might drop in on a meeting that doesn't
exist let's keep the notes talking and
we can just drop anything into that it
needs to be perfect perfect yeah that's
a really good point
yeah all right just for continuity sake
I suspect that next week is gonna be
like just sort of more of the same of
this week to be completely honest so
that's cool so alright um sorry I
forgive me I'm a little bit a little bit
out of it this morning so moving a
little bit slowly but um let's work
through let's work through our opening
hours one by one recurring item Docs
veto lunch
content is migrated to the veto repo
which is awesome all that content is in
there the next steps I Chris you wanna
fill us in on that and the migrated
comes I was gonna say but thank you so
much very much yeah so the bits
highlighted there but thanks a lot for
getting all the content in that mainly
heroic effort by Jessica so I'm sure
you've dealt with all the various typos
and things along the way and just minor
Corrections I've seen that it's not only
just migration do everything but there
are um there are just all wrap things so
with that in mind as well and you also
have to and make a note that from here
on out we are going to be any Content
that does go into the existing Docs love
so you have to be managed differently
because we'll make sure any updates will
get pushed both areas rather than just
being one one way operation now so but
that's all in hand from what here um
first thing so last week was mainly to
do with
various configuration to do with the UI
and the app config itself so getting the
the embedded modules and setup so that
we can have the markdown plugins that
are required so now we have embedded
responsive video we have a very various
other things for like tasks this foot
foot notes and other things that we need
for for linking relative things and
things so that's all configured now it
seems like tweaks based on feedback to
for now removing the in page navigation
between individual articles we can still
turn that on on a page-by-page basis if
you want or a section by section basis
and it's just because our content
typically doesn't have a more of a
chapter style navigation flow right now
so it was a little bit confusing for
polling left and right between those
things so the options are there if we
need it but we can essentially turn it
off in the meantime just this morning
actually added at the github link so now
we've got some continuity from the
existing site and the opportunity to say
to edit through edit content not they
were expecting any of that yet because
we haven't actually promote this new
further yet just for us to have a
shortcut to individual pages and then
the bigger piece which is three for two
if you want to drop that issue open
Jessica might be better the that page
yeah we're implementing me the new and
landing page for content and doesn't
exist yet so I've just started being up
the components for this and the styling
and based on the initial design that's
here we had some discussions last week
around how we're going to embed the
individual resources that they're
customizable so you can link out to
different items for each page so that
will be I've got a page here which I've
broken down into various components but
essentially if you the top Aereo's be
the main priority essentially having
those status bar and the the links to
and voting on whether a piece of content
is important or not I'm going to look at
trying to use cannae for doing the
voting for those for that content for
now and see if that works if not then
I'll fall back to subdue but I know it's
approached anything a watch
what the results are there yeah and
these individual components will
essentially be reused throughout the
site elsewhere in the future so it'll
eventually appear on here to start with
but we maybe use them on what could be
like a documentation homepage or some
footer content and so that's gonna be
the chunk of work this week but that was
kind of overlap from last week as well
and that's where we are at the moment
sorry I you don't have to respond to it
now but I was just curious like the
left's the expand as you click along
versus the using either a right side
accordion or other things like that I'm
just curious if we've like looked at
what other people are doing because I
keep getting confused I'm like wait
there's now another thing the thing I
just clicked and so you start no no you
do see quite a bit out in the wild it is
something that we can cast on those if
I'm getting this right do you mean when
you select a content chapter and then
you see new headers up here next to it
yeah okay so that we actually had some
discussions around what we're going to
do with this so that is the default sort
of out of the box set up with this
currency and it seems to work okay it's
it's the good thing is it's consistent
across mobile and a web-based layout
because obviously on a mobile you don't
get the opportunity to have multiple
columns and so that's the main advantage
of having it in one kind of long
narrative so you can slide it out and
you can see what you need to quickly but
when we have more real estate on the
screen for desktop then we could
potentially migrate that or or just
reposition it is an in page now so it's
it's a choice yes for now I'm thinking
we're just rolling with the defaults
until we get all the content laid out
and we start to feel how it works and
flows but then yeah it might make sense
for us to say put that as a on this page
type navigation we're going to make sure
it's clear that you
you see those links because they don't
really need to be clicked on it's more
as you scroll through the content then
it highlights at the position and it's
more like a table content so um yeah
these are definitely areas for
improvement that I'm that's kind of one
of things to look at and once we get
basics out of way sounds good thank you
did something it is something that we'd
be interested in testing on in the
future the the nice thing about this is
it is out of
box behavior at least so it's also the
path of least resistance for a lot of
folks so it is therefore a more common
pattern yeah we can never write anything
here that's that's that's the bitter
game but we kind of if we can keep to as
many defaults as possible then we we get
the advantage that when we upgrade that
we don't need to have to migrate and do
additional customization on top of it so
and the path of least resistance is
possible
all right carrying on a recurring item
of the legacy Docs deprecation plan you
know we just this hasn't really changed
we're continuing now notes as we go
along in the process of implementing the
the beta site that is all being tracked
in issue number 308 so obviously if you
have things you would like to add
thoughts on that let's just keep track
of them in the comments on 308 and as we
get closer to launch will um organize
those into a more more organized way of
tracking our deprecation plan metrics
collection and definition for the beta
site an epic 2a we are holding off on
this until you get settled in Johnny and
we're a little bit further on the pita
site definition this is the issue about
just trying to figure out what metrics
we want to be tracking out of the box
when we ship the site so so hold on to
that space
um recurring item betta site is the
sound full feedback mechanism this is
pretty much in the exact same place as
it was last week work we're ready to
implement this as soon as the site's a
little bit further along usability
testing no new testing this week we have
implemented all of the ia testing
results from the beta site playground so
that is that is more or less done until
our next round of testing we're gonna do
some open-ended usability testing with
PL stuff in November so that's going to
be exciting to see how that goes watch
that space obviously any community
feedback would be more than welcome if
you are joining us from the community
there is a link here to let us know your
details to sort of step up as a beta
tester that's just so that we can be in
touch with you when we start doing this
more detailed testing carrying on
features voting epic 2d we have the
public facing voting page again this
hasn't changed a whole lot but I realize
I haven't actually showed this to
anybody in the recent meetings but we do
have our Canty page with all of the
ranked or the encouraging folks to rank
the features that they were our own
internal features prioritization list
the ones that we knew we were going to
do and so the intent is at launch to let
people use this page over on the ones
that they would like to see the most
I've been really socialize yet because
it's it should go hand-in-hand with it
should go hand-in-hand with a launch
Chris also is doing cool things with
candy yeah your hand is there I was
gonna say quickly we can make that more
of an official sort of roadmap in the
future as well so you can flag those so
once something gets popular or it's on
our development pipeline then you can
set it as in development and you get a
nice little planned notification on the
county board as well so when people do
leave feedback it's a bit more obvious
that it's coming up in the future just
as I can see yeah I mean it's there's
there's a lot of really deep integration
potential with candy but I think just
looking into that is gonna be sort of a
longer longer exercise
recurring item ecosystem audit this was
our loan p2 for this for this quarter
it's on hold pending Eric's workload
with some external tasks so no changes
on that content improvement um oh
actually Chris if you have a chance can
you look at the feedback button metrics
and plug those in
when you get a moment can you explain
just in case I'm missing it about the
the hot or not button that we had talked
about last week you were going to just
see you there was any new oh yes yes I
did actually have a daughter sorry
oh I was gonna say we did have a quick
shot at refactoring the analytic so they
would be a bit easier to read but I'm
yeah still got a bit stuck in that inner
loop and engage studio so I need to and
see if it's if it's possible to do it
the way we want to do it okay in the
meantime so Johnny for your benefit the
changes to content improvements to the
existing doc site we've split this out
into two areas one is user driven stuff
things that we've been proactively
reminded by users in since taking over
the documents project the other legacies
things that we inherited from other
repos or just past issues that when we
took over the project in the middle of
the year so in terms of user driven
issues which we try to prioritize in the
ice box seven in soon and one in
progress since last week that means
there's there's two new issues have come
in since last week but we close to three
since this week and Johnny this is
probably this item we clean will
probably end up falling under your
purview once you get settled in just
keep track of this stuff cool legacy
issues we've got 23 of them in the ice
box column fourteen women scene we
haven't changed anything since last week
the blockers on this honestly has just
been team time on Docs being a lunch and
then I'm gonna make sure Johnny that you
and I have time to onboard you in
whatever way is necessary so cool cool
any questions on that
yeah so just quickly what is the icebox
is that just stuff that we're kind of
like leaving alone for now yeah yeah
there so so we were we're using we're
using Zen hub internally to do track
progress on things and I can walk you
through this after this call and so yeah
we've just been using an icebox column
for things that we we know that we're
not going to be able to act on
immediately either because they're just
they're too large or because we've got
other other things that out prioritize
them okay and then produce cool stuff um
guys yeah we're
clothes right ja get in there yeah just
been doing a great job on this and I
don't know if she's still on but Alan
did a great job helping with sprucing
and Lydell and Enrique ball been helping
out with this which is really nice and
they all catch different things which is
great so we've been going through you
know until we'll build a lesson and I'll
proof that one while we still do the
next one and we have a lot of feedback
that we just incorporated from those two
folks so we're getting close there's a
little bit more work under the hood on
validation that we want to do before we
launch so we were planning on today but
we've decided to go ahead and spend the
time now to take you know today and
tomorrow to make some of those updates
and then try to lunch on Wednesday so
I've updated our cons plan with that and
updated the date on the blog post
already and so we will hopefully get
this merged on Wednesday and then also
merged the blog posts to both that day
as well so maybe we stay on track and
then the other thing I just wanted to
mention here is as this gets out the
door I will hopefully dive back into the
task of looking at the IP FS camp
content for where it fits in proto
school and Johnny the link that I just
posted in the chat is the issue where
I'm collecting like as I go through
content for my PFS camp I'm dropping in
ideas for like concepts that were
covered in different lessons and where
they might fit in proto school but these
are also useful materials that there's a
different okay art I think it's a p2
maybe if I'm remembering correctly for
getting those things into documentation
if they're not there so that will just
be a good one for you to watch to see
the kinds of stuff that I'm putting in
there so you can see if any of which
things might fit well in the
documentation and we did add we did add
links to all four core courses in both
the existing the legacy and the beta
Docs site so those are just flat-out
links they're not deeper integration but
they are at least they're yeah and we
have now this new tutorial that's going
out has Alan's course from ipfs camp in
its resources page and that's
one of the things for example that we
would go back and do to a bunch of the
other existing tutorials is that that
particular reece external resource those
ones as well so working on that one at
the same time
awesome awesome we are running a little
bit short it is 21 minutes past the hour
we can either continue to chat or give
people nine minutes of their lives back
you can get yourself a lemsip yes
seriously
I think I think we're I think we're good
um just as a reminder we will not have
this meeting next week if there are
notes that folks want to share with the
broader community just add I'll add
another I'll add a weekly heading for
next week for the 11th of November in
this document and we can we can update
as needed just as as a as a second point
so Molly ah I believe it is the middle
of the quarter so middle quarter grading
time is upon us I was just looking at my
calendar and I have a handy-dandy need
eq for review event that someone has
added for me thank you to whoever did
that but this is a reminder for us to
all check back in on the okay ours that
we said Johnny this is a great
opportunity for you to see what what
goals we've set for ourselves and page
in on them and since you can help us
push them over the finish line for the
end of this quarter but reminder to take
a scoring pass through by the end of
this week is that in the main
spreadsheet where to score them there's
a column for it mm-hmm and so we do
actually two scores we do what are we
actually at and then where are we
projecting to be so this is an
opportunity to like intentionally set
some things down that we know that we're
not going to get to or refocus some of
our energies on the higher priority
items so that we really land our peasy
rows instead of getting even coverage
over P Jews and but but that kind of
lets us also iterate faster on our
estimates for ourselves like you we
thought we were gonna get one no no on
this we ended up getting point five
you full feedback yeah I just wanna
maybe I just want to make sure that the
other types we're tracking those em yo
where you need those tracks is in the
central spreadsheet right yep and that's
the place we we coordinate back and
forth between groups perfect
alright wonderful um well yeah and good
point are equal also what will also
update that in our main and our main
read read me because we list in the
readme for the docs repo our yeah it's
not in the browser that I shared and we
do actually track she's in the docs repo
read me as well so we'll update those
there as well alright awesome awesome
well I think we can call the recording
good for now
do you mind